release-notes for Compose v2.40.3 version (#23629)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/compose/releases/release-notes.md

For more detailed information, see the [release notes in the Compose repo](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/).

## 2.40.3

{{< release-date date="2025-10-30" >}}

### Bug fixes and enhancements

> - Applied hooks on `restart` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lifecycle hooks now apply to the `restart` command
```

- Improved override support when publishing OCI artifacts

> - Fixed issue to ensure image exist only for targeted services in `run` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue to ensure an image exists only for targeted services with the `run` command
```
